
Jan 2 
Started build

Jan 3
Added Sight, Hit Some basic other functions to handle manipution and wrapping of data in Multicell class
Consideration is being made if Cell class is needed at all but will probably keep in for future implimentations.

4:36am Jan 4
Finished as getting ready to Add the main loop. Hitfunction needs to be handled 

jan 5
Nothing really set the world values but continuing to get an error with the cells going out of bounds on the world
Seems to be solved with WRAPX.y At the draw function and when WORLD is being assigned in it, a BOUNDS check needs to be applied before any memory
manipulation is applied else these errors are going to continue to fucking piss me off on a regular basis not to mention destroy performance if I have to k
keep checking in 10 frigging different places.

861 ERROR SAME SHIT.... 
The -1 error on the SET_PIXEL function is still being a pain in my ass as well so as stated, fix this shit its annoying.

I think I need to set the potential position because when I set it to potential the value of which never been wrapped that is causing the problem... 
Why the fuck it can undergo a couple wraps before it messes up is beyond me and makes no sense. SO WRAP THE FUCKING POTENTIALX/Y tomorrow!!!!!!



Jan 7
Fixed some of the errors, Corrected the screen/world xy wrap around functions which helped a little.
More vector errors with the Tombstones... Currently returning an Absurd value which needs fixed tomorrow
Death is a real thing now which comes from collisions with the enemy or a wall. 
The WorldMaze is generated at the start and collisions appear to be functioning correctly.

Jan 7
BREEDING Successful. Food added although issues with Collision with food. Creatures are stopping when they collide instead of eating and moving on.


Jan 10... The Collision error I am almost sure is being caused by the fact that I am rotating the creature. I may be moving it and checking for collision but
I am rotating it first so the XY offsets are not the same regardless if I moved it back to where it was before collision it moves back with an 
updated rotation.

I currently fixed the collision problem by saving the state at the start of move creatures and restored it if by any chance a collision occured,
This is working well however the large the amount of cells the more poorly it performs. I believe rotation should be
done on a Potential system same as XY are however my attempts to set it up failed, I did find that the multicell was returning 
an ID out of range if the max amount of creatures had already been made which I believe is the cause of my vector error
which has been burdening me all this time.

Jan 13 

Added Keyboard support to change the State of the Boolean flags for ShowVision, ShowSex  etc. 
Changed the way that everything is processed when it comes to rotation so that every cell has its own handler and the
OFFSET for each cell also has its own Adjusted state to reflect the effects of rotation HOWEVER it appears to be rotating backwards
compared to what the Creature rotates.